Add multi-main setup (#1737)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/hosting/scaling/queue-mode.md

```bash
n8n worker --concurrency=5
```

## Multi-main setup

/// info | Feature availability
* Available on Self-hosted Enterprise plans.
* If you want access to this feature on Cloud Enterprise, [contact n8n](https://n8n-community.typeform.com/to/y9X2YuGa){:target=_blank .external-link}.
///

In queue mode you can run more than one `main` process for high availability.

In a single-mode setup, the `main` process is responsible for:

- Running the API
- Serving the UI
- Listening for webhooks
- Handling manual executions

> - Running triggers and pollers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Running non-HTTP related triggers, such as timers, persistent connections like RabbitMQ and IMAP
```

- Handling specific licensing tasks
- Pruning executions and binary data

> In a multi-main setup, every `main` process runs the API, serves the UI, listens for webhooks, and handles manual executions. n8n automatically designates a leader `main` process, which is the process in charge of running triggers and pollers, handling specific licensing tasks, pruning executions and binary data. All non-leader `main` processes are known as followers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a multi-main setup, every `main` process runs the API, serves the UI, listens for webhooks, and handles manual executions. n8n automatically designates a leader `main` process, which is the process in charge of running any non-HTTP triggers, handling specific licensing tasks, pruning executions and binary data. All non-leader `main` processes are known as followers.
```
